hey Pam Dena here thank you so much for
tuning in to b2b marketing and more with
Pam happy new year everyone I hope that
you had great holidays and I well rested
I was on the road from October 14th to
December 21st I was pretty much
traveling the whole two-and-a-half
months I was home probably less than 10
days I was so happy so happy that I had
a chance to spend holidays at home and
just chill and eat as a marketer
all right especially b2b marketer if
your company's marketing plan is done I
would strongly suggest that you create a
one-pager to document your contribution
to your company's business and I think
it's kind of important that you take a
moment to actually write down insurance
while your deliverables are and to
connect that or type that to your
company's marketing objectives
strategies and also the business goals
so with that being said what does that
one-pager look like in general like I
said this is another template I'm
sharing with you you should have six
components of course they can have more
but I just go with six today it starts
with business goals business objectives
marketing objectives marketing
strategies your contributions and
deliverables and then KPI which is key
performance indicators so that started
from the top business goals
it doesn't matter who you are and what
you do everyone in the company should
know the company's business goals it can
be revenue that we want to accomplish it
can be a percentage of growth we want to
achieve it can also be a market segment
share that we want to you know grow and
if you are supporting sales that's even
more vital for you to know the final
revenue number that the sales team would
like to accomplish because if you know
their goals it will give you an idea is
how you can better support them the next
one is the business objectives
general the upper management probably
have that crafted already the only thing
you have to do just copy and paste right
it's usually related to probably a new
industry or a segment they want to
tackle or the new countries they want to
go after or maybe there's a major
product launches that's coming in this
year if your company is huge and you are
supporting one or two business units
well then focus on the business
objectives of that one or two business
units so let's narrow that scope down to
relate to your job then of course the
marketing objectives in general the
purposes of marketing is to build brand
awareness right drive demands or enable
sales it can be generic but it can be
related to a specific company if you tie
your marketing objectives to the
business objectives
that say your business objective is to
tackle a certain industry segments and
go after certain countries those needs
to be incorporated into your marketing
objectives then Overson is tailored
specific for your company and the
marketing strategies are how what are
the specific tasks you need to do to
accomplish your marketing objectives and
of course your contributions are you are
deliverables right what are the couple
of things that you will complic say for
this quarter or for the whole year for
the company
so the company can actually achieve that
specific marketing objectives and
strategies articulate that make that
connection educate your managers educate
your internal stakeholders how your job
contribute to the marketing strategies
and also marketing objectives indirectly
to the business objectives help people
to understand that and the one-pager can
also serve as a baseline of your
discussion with your manager at a
regular one-on-one right use that
discuss
to share with your manager interns up
hey these are my deliverables and I just
want to tell you in terms of how I'm
doing for each deliverables and my own
track am i behind what kind of help do I
need right you start to drive the
discussion share with them in terms of
what they can do to also help you the
last component is KPI which is key
performance indicator and that's
basically how do you measure your
success
be very specific write down in terms of
a number of the counting pieces that you
are going to create or the number of the
nql is a marketing qualified leads that
you need to deliver or even you know key
initiative like you are leading the
effort of the website refresh well write
that down in terms of when you need to
get that done and also what aspect of
the website refresh that you are going
to do I think it's very important to
actually sit down take a moment and a
rag you'll one-pager and they use that
as a baseline like I said to have a
conversation with your manager and also
use that to share with your internal
stakeholders and let me know how that
works for you
so again if you like the content please
subscribe below and leave the comments
below or you can share your comments
with me via Pam at Pam dinner comm love
to hear from you I will talk to you next
week and again
Happy New Year